[Level1_Intro]
Hellowe! And welcome! I didn't see you there. There's a good reason for that, though. It's because you don't have a body. But nevermind that for now. It's your first day on the job, so let's get you started. My name is Kate. Your name is irrelevant. What is relevant, however, is that you can move your bodyless form around this factory. As far as I can tell, this factory makes empty boxes. But again, I digress. Back to you and your nameless and bodyless self. To move around, press and release the touch pad on the left controller. Try it now. I'll count to ten to express my boredom while you figure this out. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Again, you simply press the left touch pad, aim where you want to go, and release. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Great. Well done! Or not. I don't care. But you can't go exploring just yet. Move back to the platform now. The one with the mysterious floating plank by it. Yes, the only one in this bustling factory that matches that description. The metal platform with a ball and floating plank next to it. That's the one. This will become your favorite platform in your whole, very limited world. It's time to introduce you to the only objects you will interact with for the rest of your pitiful existence, which is definitely finite, but again, I digress. To access the objects available to you, press the right touch pad now. Again, that's the touch pad on the right controller. You can then swipe right or left on the touch pad to scroll through your amazing inventory. To spawn an item, press the right trigger button. Yes. Even you can do it. It's really quite simple. To start off, spawn a trampoline. Press the right touch pad, then swipe left or right to find the trampoline and press the right trigger button to spawn it. But don't try jumping on it. You really don't have a body anymore. Sorry. But not really. Just place the trampoline under the ramp. To do this, grab the trampoline as you normally would and hold the trigger button until you are ready to release it. Try placing the trampoline so that it is underneath the star floating high above, so lovely and bright. I'll count to one million while you complete this very important task. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Oh, screw it. I'm getting hungry. So here are the rest of your instructions. After you place the trampoline underneath the star, find the ball on the platform and grab it. To grab it, just press the trigger button. To release the ball, release the trigger button. Don't let the ball hit any part of the ground other than the platform. Every time this happens the ball is killed and a new one is provided to you at great cost to the company. Yes, you heard me correctly. The ball is sentient. So, be careful with it. Try rolling the ball down the wooden plank. This will be your first work task, so buckle up. If you are not a complete failure, the ball will roll down the plank, bounce off the trampoline, and hit the star. I won't explain the physics of this to you, but I hope you see where this is going because this is quite literally your job. I'll return when you successfully hit the first star above the plank with the ball. Please, don't start missing me while you flail about. I have way too many admirers already. I know you haven't seen me yet, but I assure you, I am quite ravishing. But you really don't have a body anymore. I'm not kidding about that.

[Level1_Conveyor]
Great scot, you've managed it. Albeit at the cost of becoming a murderer. Well, we can't all be angels I'm afraid. Earlier, I lied to you and said this was an important task, which would at least mean the balls died for a reason, but it really is rather more simple than it is important. You've still got quite the road ahead of you unfortunately. So it's time to concentrate. Please, don't be distracted trying to picture how great I look based on my mesmerizing voice. Too many balls have paid the price for this already. And you may be thinking, but I'm a girl, or I'm gay, or whatever other terribly important descriptor you are desperately trying to cling to to preserve your old identity. But it doesn't matter who you were before. In fact, I don't know who you were at all. You see, you've been removed from your body. You are a blank slate. And, I am your god! Your god Kate. So you really will end up worshipping me, despite my warnings to do the opposite. Anyway, back to the task at hand. Open your object menu and find the conveyor belt. Yes, the conveyor belt. It should be next to the trampoline. For your next task, place the conveyor belt so that it catches the ball after it bounces off the trampoline and ushers it safely to the next star. If you are capable of understanding basic signage, you'll be able to determine which direction the conveyor moves. So get to this new task now while I go back to eating my decadent meal. At the moment, I am gently piercing a soft boiled egg so that it runs beautifully over the rest of my food. Don't focus on that imagery, though, because despite your very real lack of a body, I'm afraid you can still experience very real hunger.

[Level1_Teleporter]
Alright, well done I suppose. I didn't fully expect you to figure that one out, but the occasional fluke is to be expected. So let's move on before the accomplishment goes to the head you don't have and you start developing feelings of pride, which I assure you you definitely should not have while you work here. Open your object menu again. This time, find the teleporter. Yes, the company hires very brilliant engineers. They build trampolines and teleporters and simple wooden planks. They also built this overly spacious factory that only makes empty boxes. Wouldn't you rather be an engineer and have a more flexible vacation policy? Well, it's too late for all that now. To use the teleporter, place it behind the star. Then, spawn another teleporter. The last teleporter to be spawned is where the ball will appear when it comes into contact with any previous teleporter. Don't try to figure out how this works. You'll truly hurt yourself. Just remember that the last teleporter to be spawned is where the ball ends up when it hits any previous teleporter. So, in this case, place the second teleporter underneath the third star. Word to the wise: place the teleporter facing upwards so that you don't immediately send the ball to its inevitable death. When you've managed this, I'll come back to teach you about fans. Kate out.

[Level1_Fan]
Oh my dear! What a long way we've come, and how many lives we've lost. I would ask for a moment of silence, but I really don't care, and I very much enjoy talking. But not particularly to you. Just in general. Any who, it's time for your final lesson. Open your object menu and find the fan. To activate the fan, press either grip button on the right controller. I hope you know where the grip buttons are. They are the confusing textured buttons on the sides of your controller. If you do this without making a mess of it, you'll notice that the ball floats to that funny target on the ground that looks like a helipad for very small people. This is the goal! After you collect all the stars, you need to get the ball to this goal without hitting the ground. This is the only way that the ball survives. So, after mercilessly throwing away the lives of so many, you may be able to save just one lucky soul. So give it a shot. You can place the fan anywhere you'd like. It doesn't make a difference where the fan is placed, when you press the grip button on the right controller, the ball will head towards the correct target. This is similar to how it simply doesn't make a difference what you do at work, you are still heading towards the same mundane fate. But more on that later. Okay: If you make a ball's day and have it collect all the stars and reach the goal with the help of the fan, you'll be rewarded by briefly blacking out. Don't be alarmed. I'll be hear when you come back to.

[Level2_Intro]
Welcome back to consciousness. You're now ready to work all on your own, without my comforting supervision. You'll see the inventory you're working with on the far wall. If you really put your mind to it, I'm confident you'll be able to figure out how to collect all the stars in the room. I'd ask that you not kill too many balls this time, but it's become quite clear by now that you won't heed my warning. Oh well. I think that as long as you don't exceed thirty balls per star, this factory remains profitable. Alright. Catch you later.

[Level3_Intro]
You are zipping right along! I'd suggest giving you a promotion if such a thing could be done for an employee with no body. Or paycheck. Or family to go home to. But you'll have to make due with the knowledge that you won't be working the factory floor forever. You see, I charmed one of the engineers while you were racking your brain, and I discovered some very interesting information. I used to think the balls were being killed every time you dropped them on the floor, but that's not quite right. It turns out they are being turned into stars, and the stars in turn power this factory, which creates 60% of the world's empty box needs. I know it all sounds a bit convoluted, but the engineer assured me it really was the most efficient way. Especially because we have bodyless people like you working here. Oh Kate, shame on you. I shouldn't reveal too much too early. Very well. Never mind me, and carry on.

[Level4_Intro]
You surprise me yet again. And just in time, too. The managers have agreed that you will be ready to move forward to the next phase after you complete this final factory floor shift. So don't waste any time! Exciting opportunities await you in the next phase. Really. You can trust me. Oh, and PS. You won't be able to use the fan this time. We are trying to save both the planet and our energy bill, so please make do without the fan.

[Game_Intro]

Lo tienes? Bien. Empieza el proceso.

Comenzando la fase final. Todo parece normal. Solo que parecen haber señales pequeñas de estar consciente.

No te preocupes por eso. Asi a veces pasa. Ya pronto estara fuera del cuerpo y vera sus controles nuevos.

Vaya. Menos mal que falte poco. Ya me ponia mal de tanto hambre. A donde se manda despues del proceso?

Creo que a una fábrica de cajas vacías.

Cajas vacías?

Asi es.

Que cosa mas rara. Bueno, al final no importa.

No. No importa nada. Y mira, se completa el proceso. Todo resulta bien. A mi tambien me a dado un poco de hambre. Hay que limpiar aqui para salir rápido y comernos unas tapas.

Me suena bien.

[Game_Outro]
Forgot to record this.

[GameFinal_Intro]
Welcome back. You've come full circle. Yes, you are a ball now. No, I'm not kidding around. All that is left for you to do now is wait for the next bodyless employee to show up for their first work shift. I am curious how well they'll do? Let's hope they don't send you to a painful death too soon, like you did with all those balls you killed. You were fun to have around, and I shall miss you, as much as one can miss an abstract concept of a person. I don't think the other employee is due anytime soon though, so this is Kate signing off for now. Oh, but wait! I almost forgot. While you are stuck in your cage, you are welcome to partake in our courtesy simulation, which we provide to all our balls. Hopefully, this simulation will help ease your sense of impending death. Simply pretend you have a body again and that you are wearing a helmet, and then use your pretend arms take off your pretend helmet. You'll be rewarded with a convincing simulation of being a human person again. I trust this alternate life will be better than the one you have now. Alrighty then. Cheerio!

